fix: kernel resetinterface (#12501)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-09-12-fully-restore-symfony-resetinterface-lifecycle-in-kernel-handle.md

---
title: Fully restore Symfony ResetInterface lifecycle in Kernel::handle
author: Mateusz Flasiński
author_email: mateuszflasinski@gmail.com
author_github: mateuszfl
---

# Core
* Changed: `Shopware\Core\Kernel::handle` now calls `parent::handle()` instead of a custom override, ensuring Symfony's internal request/reset lifecycle is preserved.

> * Added: new method `preInitializePlugins()` to safely prepare Shopware plugins before boot without interfering with Symfony's reset mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new method `preInitializePlugins()` to safely prepare Shopware plugins before booting and request handling without interfering with Symfony's reset mechanism.
```
